the UN Security Council began its
meeting with a moment of silence for the
victims the only action it's agreed on
in 4 weeks of fighting then turned to
the spiraling Health crisis in Gaza
describing corridors crammed with the
injured the sick and dying morgs
overflowing and surgeries without
anesthesia the head of the World Health
Organization pleaded for Aid half of the
Gaza strip's 36 hospitals and 2/3 of its
Primary Healthcare centers are not
functioning at
all those that are functioning are
operating Way Beyond their
capacities the health system is on its
knees in addition to caring for 27,000
wounded hospitals are trying to manage
the regular Health needs of more than 2
million people including pregnant women
and cancer patients while tens of
thousands of displaced people Shel there
even as they met Israel was bombing
gaza's biggest health facility the alifa
hospital they are looking at you imp
imploring you to act to stop another
possible Massacre
unfolding Israel's been accusing Hamas
fighters of Sheltering near and in
tunnels under hospitals a claim
contested by health workers in Gaza and
independent experts council members also
pointed to the fact that 70% of victims
are women and children every single one
of the
2,650 currently reported as trapped
under the rubble are human beings and
that more than half of them are children
but they're not just children they're
palestine's future and they're also
Israel's future neighbors a number of
council members called out Israel for
violations of international law and
lamented that the security Council was
unable to uphold peace and security the
director general of the wh saying it no
longer serves the purpose for which it
was established Kristen salumi Al jazer
the United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer